int i = 1;
for int(i=1,i<10,i++);
{

}

If you're bored come up with a mock(Trial) structure plan. Start with the basics and work toward the appearance. For instance 
Theme, Setting, Focal point(Goals), Managment, Structure design, Rank design, and Unique ideas. Collaborative ideas are good
so whatever you think can benefit this server don't be shy to throw it out there and don't be let down if all else fails.

Managment:
Successors: Shaked, Tig
Builders: Shaked, Tig
Designers: Shaked, Tig
Testers: Shaked, Tig
Modifiers: Shaked, Tig
(Pre-Release Server Managment)

Since 99% of servers are Faction/PvP based and try to imitate an actual RPG scenario. I feel it is to our best benefit to attempt
to recreate the real world as best as we can, based on todays events, structural code, laws and regulations, contributions to society
and the overall benefit of the doubt, Democracy.

To begin with Ranks. All are equal and obtainable by anyone and everyone. None of this donator crap where you have to pay for
a certain rank. By obtainable I mean there are quests and challenges and achievements behind reaching your next rank. To give
you an idea it's a ladder based system with a governed market. What I mean by governed market is that Everything and Anything
Sold will be from the 'system' Allowing players to create their own price for valuable/rare items. Therefore allowing anyone clear
access to a market without the possibility of deception. 

In order to fulfil the rank system we need to operate on a Theme based outlook. Rather than making everything stick feather cobble
and gold, lets use real life scenario basics. Without the attempt of repurposing MC (creative multiplayer game) to an RPG. 

Rank 1:
Rank 2:
Rank 3:
Rank 4:
Rank 5:
Rank 6:
Rank 7:
Power: Includes all the power an Admin has, therefore meant for OWNERS and ADMINS only. (No exceptions)

Layout Pattern: 

  For the layout pattern we are going to collab ideas via online software where we can both contribute a touch of our artistic
  abilities. The layout will include the 'main' building (Hub), Help section, and Server section. Based on experiences i've come 
  to learn that the best way to get around is everything you have in your hands, and that people mainly want to play not 
  expand and help. 
  
So as you've read this far. I'm almost confident enough to start right away and get the server on the Go, But i've come to
realize that the more planning and more work you put into it the better it will pay off. Whether it be for satisfaction or personal
gain. I'm commited to finish this and make it the best it can possibly be.

As we progress I will become more and more strict about things and start to introduce and enforce alot of labour demanding 
roles and responsiblities. If you are ambitious about doing something like this as much as me I think this will be one of the
biggest hits MC servers has experienced. 

Tig.
